cinema synopses spoiler alert in
present-day Paris Diana Prince receives
a photographic plate of herself and four
men taken during World War one prompting
her to recall her past daughter of Queen
Hippolyta I sculpted you from clay and
begs used to give you life diana was
raised on the hidden island of
Themyscira
home to the Amazonian warrior woman
created by Zeus to protect mankind
Hippolyta
shares the Amazonian history with Diana
people and including how Ares Zeus's son
became jealous of humanity and
orchestrated its destruction
this was Ares the God of War
Zeus created the Amazons to restore
peace the gods created us the Amazons
when the other gods attempted to stop
him Ares killed all but Zeus who wounded
Ares and forced his retreat
Zeus used the last of his power to stop
Ares Zeus left the Amazons the island
and a weapon one powerful enough to kill
a god the god killer to prepare them for
Ares is returned and all has been quiet
ever since initially forbidding Diana to
train as a warrior but this is the only
way to truly protect her
Hippolyta allows her sister auntie Opie
to train Diana but only if the training
is more rigorous than that of any other
warrior you will train her harder than
any Amazon before
even in 1918
Diana now a young woman rescues American
pilot Captain Steve Trevor when his
plane crashes off the famous yura coast
the island is soon invaded by a German
Cruiser pursuing Trevor the Amazons
killed a crew but auntie Opie's
sacrifices herself to save Diana Steve
isn't arrogated with the lasso of Hestia
the last shoe of Hestia compels you to
reveal the truth and reveals that a war
is consuming the outside world
if the Germans had the Turks building
bombs new weapons secret weapons and
that he is an allied spy he has stolen a
notebook of the Spanish chief chemist
Ludendorff's chief psychopath dr. Isabel
morrow who is attempting to engineer a
deadlier form of mustard gas under the
orders of general Erich Ludendorff the
boys and the trenches called her doctor
poison them believing Aires is
responsible for the war only Aires could
do such a thing
diana is frustrated with her mother not
allowing her to leave even though it is
our sacred duty to defend the world
Diana armed herself with the god-killer
sword the lasso and her armor before
leaving famous Sarah with Steve to find
and destroy Aires I will show you the
way off the island and you will take me
to Aris deal in London they deliver
maru's notebook to the supreme war
council we gotta get this notebook to my
superiors where Sir Patrick Morgan is
trying to negotiate an armistice with
Germany
at because diana translates maru's notes
and reveals that the germans plan to
release the deadly gas at the war front
it's a formula for a new condom yeah
although forbidden by his commanders to
act captain you will do nothing Steve
with secret funding from Sir Patrick
recruit spy Samir marksman Charlie and
smuggler chief to help prevent the gas
from being released when the team
reaches the Western Front in Belgium
they are halted by the enemy lines we
can't save everyone in this war Diana
goes alone through no-man's land
and captures the enemy trench allowing
the Allied forces to help her liberate
the village of bed
[Music]
the team briefly celebrates you did this
maybe while Diana and Steve grow closer
romantically the team learns a gala will
be held at the nearby German High
Command you cannot go into German High
Command in 21 Steve and Diana each
infiltrate the party with Steve
intending to locate the gas and destroy
it she will show me what you're working
on while Diana intends to kill
Ludendorff believing that he is Ares and
thus killing him will end the war laws
are called
are called the requires human sacrifice
Steve stops her to avoid jeopardizing
the mission and Ludendorff unleashes the
gas unveiled killing its inhabitants
weirdy fire yes
blaming Steve for intervening for you
Diana pursues Ludendorff to a base where
the gas is being loaded into a bomber
aircraft bound for London
Diana fights and kills Ludendorff but is
confused when his death does not stop
the war Sir Patrick appears and reveals
himself as Ares right he tells Diana
that although he is subtly given humans
ideas and inspirations using Ludendorff
and Maru as pawns in the process it is
ultimately their decision to cause
violence as they are inherently corrupt
when Diana attempts to kill Ares with
the god-killer sword he destroys it then
reveals Diana to be the god killer as
the daughter of Zeus and Hippolyta and
his not know God you are
he fails to persuade Diana to help him
destroy mankind to restore paradise on
earth while the two battle time the dog
who knew all the others on Steve's team
destroy maru's laboratory Steve pilots
the bomber carrying the gas to a safe
altitude
and detonates it sacrificing himself in
the process Ares attempts to direct
Diana's rage and grief at Steve's death
by convincing her to kill Amaru but
memories of her experience with Steve
caused her to realize that humans have
good within them I could save today you
could save the world she spares Martin
can I believe he loves and redirects
Aries is lightning into him killing him
later the team celebrates the end of the
war in the present day Dianna sends an
email to Bruce Wayne also known as
Batman thanking him for the photographic
plate of her and Steve and reaffirms her
new mission to protect and give love to
the world this is my mission now forever
keep watching for some fun Easter eggs
and trivia from Wonder Woman in this
film Wonder Woman's tiara is an heirloom
from an t.o.p in both the comics and
television series it can be used as a
weapon
Diana's scenes in London are a homage to
the Superman movie made in 1978 where
Superman encounters urban life for the
first time the protagonist gets the
disguise of a formal bespectacled attire
stops a mugging attack and has some
trouble with a revolving door in the
comics
Wonder Woman got the alias Diana Prince
during World War Two from a US Army
nurse who was very similar in appearance
to her and
from whom she bought her credentials and
named in this movie while she is posing
as Steve Trevor secretary he interrupts
her introduction of Diana Princess of
women Andrey Kristen's her as Prince
Diana Prince Steve Trevor sarcastically
refers to Diana's Island home of the
Miss Sarah as this was the original name
for the island in the 1940's comics and
the Wonder Woman movie from 1975 in the
1980s the island received a formal Greek
name the Messiah in George Perez's
stories featuring an updated and
revamped Wonder Woman no one addresses
Diana as Wonder Woman throughout this
entire film some scenes in the movie
give hints as to Diana's secret heritage
namely the fact that she is the daughter
of Zeus at the tower containing the
god-killer a bull appears on the cliff
behind Diana in Greek mythology Zeus
often takes the form of a bull the God
of War Ares his desire is to kill
everyone in the comics he stopped this
plan because Wonder Woman pointed out it
would destroy him no more people to make
war meant no more war and no more Ares
in the film he is a more spiteful
character an envious of humanity and he
has a future beyond the destruction some
of the Amazons have flesh colored cloth
over one side of their chest almost
seeming like one breast was uncovered or
non-existent this may be a reference to
the fact that Amazon's are often
depicted in art as having one breasts
exposed ancient sources even state that
Amazon's cut or burned off their breasts
on their dominant side so that it
wouldn't interfere with combat
especially with a bow some ancient
sources suggest that this is the source
of their name amazos in greek means
without breasts
[Music]
you